-- Who worked on this lab? Include names and GitHub usernames.
- Roshan - recklessHogrider96
- Marcin Kierzenka - mkierzenka
- Zachary Katancik - zkatancik
- Matin Raayai Ardakani - matinraayai
- Alexander Chen - adotnotlex


-- Did you implement any extensions? If so, which ones, who implemented each, and how can they be tried out?
Matin - Implemented an Anti-tank mine inspired by SovietWomble. The mine can be placed on the roads and cannot be sold,
and upon explosion, kills an enemy.
Roshan - Built support for environment items in a level and can use Level editor for adding/deleting Environment items.
Environment item are not realted to the grid and can be placed freely within the level. My previous extension according to
the moscow was to have upgradable tower, but that was wayy too complicated to have in our game along with animated towers.
I have mentioned this change in extension/moSCow to Professor Cooper as well as we had modify the moSCow to reach our goals,
based on the playability of the game, and it was approved. The second reason behind going against tower upgrades was that
the levels were already easy to finish and the enemy waves would become easier to overcome if we upgrade towers. 
So I worked on level balancing as well. 
Marcin - I added health bars to the enemies, you can see them pop up and change as the enemies get hit with projectiles.
Zack - I added the ability for users to change the targeting preferences of towers on the board. If you click a tower on the 
map, it will bring up some information about the tower, and display buttons for the user to change the targets the tower fires at.
These can be the furthest along tower, the furthest behind tower, the closest tower, and the tower with the most starting HP.


-- Did you use any external resources? If so, cite them below.
-Resource Manager (Project 1)
-Game Manager (Project 1)
-res_path (Project 1)
-MakeFile (Project 1)
-math library: TinyMath.hpp (Lab2)
-cxxTest-4.4 (various)
-Collisions and Gameobjects (Lab6)

-- Did you use any code or resources from previous assignments? If so, list below.
Merged the breakout and graverunner projects into the current repo.
https://unityassetcollection.com/tower-defense-2d-free-download/ 
https://craftpix.net/product/tower-defense-2d-game-kit/ for the Tower Defense Assets


-- Did you collaborate with any other students/TAs/Professors? If so, list below.
No


-- Describe your approach to implementing the lab.
Matin -
(Milestone 1)
Completely revamped how we organized levels and UI, making everything use the GameObject and Level architecture
and allow for reusable components across both games. This change allowed us to easily and modularly add buttons, UI elements,
and gameObjects in both the games and the editor. After the breakout game worked with the new design, others helped transfering
it into other deliverables of the project. I then helped each team member with bug fixes.
(Milestone 2)
Made delayed spawn component + other indicators used in the game logic. Made a separate enemy level file in sparse format.
Helped with bug fixes of other group members.
(Milestone 3)
Added Anti-tank mine. Helped with bug fixes of other group members. Ensured playability of previous components.
Added level editor support for the enemy waves for each file.

Marcin -
(Milestone 1)
Mostly worked on porting over the GraveRunner functionality into the new infrastructure after Matin did the initial setup.
This included both the game itself and its level editor.
(Milestone 2)
Led the push to add the Rock Throwing Tower and support classes (E.g. Rock, RockThrower Component, etc.) including parsing level
files, creating the new objects, defining the interactions between Rocks and Enemies. Also did some touchups to
TdLevel/TdLogic-related code for handling the necessary new functionality (e.g. tracking score, lives, reducing enemy health, etc.).
Ported over and fixed unit tests for previous games. Added unit tests for the Tower Defense game code. Added documentation
throughout Tower Defense codebase.
(Milestone 3)
Added the health bars to enemies, put some time into investigating how to support tower upgrading. Then put some time into
making the submenu for towers and working with Zach to change their targeting preferences.
Also the usual small cleanups/touchups here and there.

Zack - 
(Milestone 1) Rewrote all UI components to be game objects, including buttons, menus, etc. Worked extensively
on game editors front-end to match rest of the component based architecture. 
(Milestone 2) Did initial custom game setup getting a working game going from scratch, 
reconfigured the menus to new game, added UI elements to the in-game experience, and worked on grid components for object placement like mouse over of 
items when clicked.
(Milestone 3) Added all new tower types with varying mechanics. Animated all towers and created sprites. Added 
ability for users to change the targeting of towers.

Roshan - 
(Milestone 1): 
Rewrote level file design, generation and updation via level editor. Added Instructions menus. 
Dynamic selection of block textures from the resources. Wrote backend for the level editor.
(Milestone 2):
Added Enemy Path file so that we can have pre defined paths as well.
Added Enemy tower path to have layers levels.
Built full Level editor.
Built 4 levels. Wrote Enemy spawner and enemy spawner file with config data on what to spawn.
Updated instructions.
(Milestone 3):
Built Level editor for Environment.
The level editor would be able to edit 3 files at the same time, 
where all the information related to the layering in the level would be present.

Alex - 
(Milestone 2):
Updated UI placement and spacing. 
Added asset for coin icon to be displayed. 
(Milestone 3):
Applied coin and health icons to UI. 

-- How many hours did it take you to complete this lab?
Roshan - (M1) 40, (M2) 80, (M3) 80
Zack - (M1) 40, (M2) 20, (M3) 30
Matin - (M1) 60, (M2) 20, (M3) 20
Marcin - (M1) 20, (M2) 20, (M3) 20
Alex - (M2) 2, (M3), 5


-- (Optional) What was your favorite part of the lab?
Roshan - The level editor can edit everything!!! Except enemy waves but everything other that that!


-- (Optional) How would you improve the lab?
